Hello everyone. Welcome back to the
shed. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back.
>> We sell on or we try to sell on eBay,
Poshmark, Mccuri, and Etsy. And we have
a rare video today. We're pulling on all
four platforms.
>> Yes, we made sales on all four
platforms. And good sales, too.
>> Yeah, good sales at all.
>> Yeah. So, we're going to uh we're going
to show y'all what sold. You ready?
>> Yeah. Let's go. Uh this first round is
going to be from eBay.
>> Okay. First thing in the cube, an eight
pack of Sony Handy Cam DVDRs.
>> Duke.
Still got that Damn it doll up there.
Was kind of surprised that didn't sell.
>> $35.99 for those.
>> Paid uh I think it was $2 a pack for
these. I think
>> we have
>> $4 total.
>> Someone bought two sha flips magnets.
>> That's going out to Clayton.
>> Yep.
>> Thank you, Clayton. $15.98 for those.
>> And he's getting 198 and 199 here.
>> There you go. Uh, we sold some Audi A.
Is that how you say Audi? Audi,
>> huh?
>> Formats.
>> Oh, Audi. Well, I mean, I don't know
that I say it right. But that's
>> I think you are right.
>> That's how I say it though.
>> Yeah. Nine. Alpha is where they're at.
They're the ones with the hanger still
attached.
>> Candace, we're uh
>> we're floorm mat salesmen.
>> Are we ever? It's working out. And and
the thing is, we've been seeing a lot of
floor mats lately.
>> That's how it goes with things
sometimes. Like you'll see a bunch of
stuff in back to back toback sales and
then you may not see them for a year.
>> Yeah.
>> $89.99 for those.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, this is
awesome.
>> Yeah. All right. Someone bought two
vinyls. They're both on Six Bravo Bop
Deluxes. They're not vinyls, actually.
>> No, they're like uh
>> CD DVDs
>> sets. Yeah.
>> So, let's see. We have drastic plastic
and sunburst finish.
>> Okay, here's drastic plastic.
Y'all, these are awesome.
I think we paid $10 a piece for these,
right?
>> Um yes. So, Sunburst Finish P uh sold
for $79.99.
>> Okay.
>> And then Drastic Plastic sold for
$109.99.
>> Woo! Man, these have been awesome. I
think we only have Well, we have one
left here. We may have another one
somewhere else cuz I remember we bought
another one.
>> We went back to that sale and found
another one,
>> but I probably put it up here. So, I
don't know. Yeah, we Man, we've done
awesome on those. I've never even heard
of that band before.
>> I know. All right, we have a Barbie on
Two Bravo, Princess of Portuguese.
>> Yeah.
>> Empire.
>> Candace, are you impressed with my
Barbie skills?
>> I am
>> because
>> usually usually you're not looking at
the Barbies.
>> Well, I mean, you've made some big
scores lately, so I kind of have to now.
Yeah,
>> but uh I paid
I paid $10 a piece for this one and
another one.
>> They've both sold now. The other one I
think sold for like 35 and this one
what' this one sell for?
>> Uh 50.
>> Yeah, that's pretty awesome, right?
>> Yep.
>> 20 and 85 before fees.
>> Two Bravo choose your own adventure book
set. A lot of five.
I think we paid $2 for all of them. I
believe if it might if it was more than
that, it wasn't much more.
>> $49.99 for those.
Three alpha. We have some more car mats.
>> Isn't that crazy?
>> These are for a 2011 to 2019 Ford
Explorer Sport.
>> You said three alpha, right? Yep. Right
here.
>> Yep.
That is awesome.
And you you would think, oh, these are
going to be long tail. Nope,
>> not if you get of course it helps if you
get the right ones that are in new
>> new condition.
>> New condition.
>> An OEM. Not just not then it just I'm
putting that there so when we go to
pack.
>> As a matter of fact, we had and I might
maybe it was just this I already have a
sticker on the side of it too.
>> Uh we have we still have them actually.
I think WeatherTech or No, we might have
>> the RAV 4. Have you listed those?
>> Yeah, I listed those the other day. But
remember how long like we never sold
them. So, we had some Weather Techs in
the box.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> So, I'm not buying those anymore.
>> Yeah.
>> But that might be wrong. Maybe there's
some you should buy, but I'm not doing
it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. But just OEM floor mat,
especially for trucks, man.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. We have a huge lot of 150 vintage
car dealer promo brochures. 10 alpha
labeled 150.
>> Yeah. Uh we had a we had somebody offer
us um
we had somebody offer us
70.
And I thought about it. I was like, you
know what? I'm not willing to take 70.
And I wouldn't have if I wasn't just
like
Wait, hang on. I'll be right back,
y'all. Okay, got those down. Man, those
are heavy. Um, yeah, this is we the the
person uh ended up buying them. They
offered 70 at first and I was like,
look, I got to get and I thought about
it.
>> I I felt I feel like that was a bad buy
to begin with.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> cuz really none of these in my opinion
are maybe maybe there's a few gems in
there, but none of them for the most
part are worth selling on their own,
>> right?
>> Uh we did pay $25 for the lot, which I
think was too much. I think I probably
should have tried to get them for like
10. Not a big deal. But when he offered
70, I was like, man, I don't want to
take 70, but I also don't want to get
let this customer get away because
>> what if nobody else ever buys them?
>> Yeah. They may be the only people that
would want them,
>> right? So, uh, we we sold them for 80.
And, you know, we're not we're not going
to make a ton of money. Uh, I don't
know. I'd have to do the math, but
uh,
what how 80 minus 25 is 55. And we got
fees, you know. I think we probably make
about $40 by the time it's all said and
done. So,
>> yeah, cuz Yeah, shipping is high.
>> Shipping is high and you end up paying
your uh the final value fee and any
promoted you do on the shipping as well.
Yeah. So,
>> yep. All right, we have another magnet
for Douglas.
>> Okay, thank you, Douglas.
What do you get?
>> What number is he getting?
>> He got 202. Okay,
we have a Transformers double pack going
out. Five alpha, right, is what it says.
>> Uh, yeah.
>> I don't know why we would have five
alpha, right?
>> Oh, five alpha. Oh, there's a pack up
there.
>> I bet that's it. Yeah.
>> Okay, let me get the uh get the old
step. Man, I've been using this step
stool a bunch.
>> Yeah,
>> which is good. Usually when I get the
step stool out, something I'm pulling
something decent. All right, I'm hoping
this is the right thing. Uh, scattershot
and armorhide.
>> Let me go look.
Um, correct.
>> Okay,
>> that sold for $89.99.
>> I wonder if we don't have any more of
those.
>> I don't know. We had what, four or five
of them, I think.
>> Oh, wait. I think I see I think there's
actually a couple up on three alpha.
>> Okay. One Charlie comic box. A Dodson
owner's manual.
PL510. It's blue and green on the cover
and says Datson.
Oh my goodness. This could take a
minute.
I better Okay. It's a Dodson and it's
blue, huh? Blue and green, you said.
>> Yeah.
>> Let's see.
Is there a There's not a number or
anything on it.
>> Dots and PL 510.
>> Oh, wait.
Let me pull these out. I bet it's going
to be one of these. I think it might be
this one.
>> That looks about the right size.
>> Is this owner's manual PL510 series? Is
that Is that it?
>> Yep.
>> Well, that was lucky.
>> All right, that's sold for $12.
>> I don't have those in there in any kind
of certain order either.
>> Yeah.
>> I have a feeling we're going to probably
end up loting all that stuff up one of
these days. We sold a J. Strongwater
crystal cross brooch pocket 120.
>> Where did you get this?
>> Uh estate sale where we got the uh
Lucasy stuff.
>> You know what I've noticed?
We're not selling a whole lot of Mr. A
stuff anymore. And you know why? I think
we sold most of
>> I think it might all sold
>> $70 for that.
>> Okay, nice.
>> Four four foxtrot Matterhorn combat
boots.
Yeah, these were not one of our better
buys for sure.
>> Yeah, not a great brand.
>> Let me see if I can get to them. They
look nice.
>> Yeah,
>> they kind of they're kind of a little
deceptive like that.
Man, there's a lot of shoes like that
now that look really good. Oh my gosh,
they're way in there. I'm glad we took
this offer.
Oh my gosh.
Okay,
got a little spot back there. It's kind
of difficult to get to. I'm glad we took
this offer.
>> $21.99 for those.
>> We need Hey, can you check and make sure
that's the right ones?
>> They've got Christmas decorations on
them. Look,
>> they get a little shed live with them.
Yeah, they need to be dusted off.
>> I know.
>> Um, Matterhorn. Yeah.
>> Okay,
>> that's them
in the tiger drawer.
Some Dei Alba Piedmont spray serum with
white truffle.
>> It's a white box.
>> I see it.
>> 14.
>> First spray serum.
>> Yep.
>> Okay.
>> $14.99
in the small drawer. Where's that at? We
sold a buck knife that we we just picked
this sucker up last weekend.
>> Yeah, I feel fortunate to have sold
that. This is another thing we overpaid
for cuz we paid $25. I listed it for 55
>> if I even priced it right. I I think I
did. The blade is um
>> It's excellent.
>> Yeah, it's excellent. It's also got
somebody's name on it.
>> Yeah, but if somebody just wants a good
knife to use, they don't care.
>> But I couldn't I didn't feel like I
could price the top of the mark.
>> Yeah. 55.
>> So, we end up making what?
>> We paid 25 for it.
>> We might end up making about 20 bucks on
that thing.
>> Yeah.
>> Yep.
>> We have two Mary's mumu coming out.
Going out. not coming out. First one is
on six Charlie, age four.
>> Oh, I forgot we had Oh, good. Candace,
this herd here, this herd over here,
>> they're big.
>> It's a big herd.
>> Out that herd.
>> They do not sell. So, we're thinning out
the herd.
>> And then 12 Bravo, age five. He's on a
stick horse
>> and it's on the same order, right?
>> Yes.
>> Okay. Well, that's cool. So, they got
the probably they're probably covering
the next two birthdays,
>> right? Or maybe they started a
collection for somebody and they're
like, "Well, I'll buy the next." Yeah.
So, $9.99 each for those.
>> That's a good little sale.
>> Yep. In the razor drawer or someone next
order has two things. Razor drawer.
HomeMedics white noise machine.
>> Yeah. Listen, I popped this up the other
day,
>> Candace. We bought this for 25 cents. I
know.
>> And I stopped buying these cuz I knew
they weren't I know they're not worth a
bunch of money,
>> but 25 cents.
>> 25 cents. And it was so it was like it
looked brand new almost.
>> And then hat box D. We have a hat going
out on that same order.
>> So I'm glad I bought it. It works well,
too.
>> Yeah.
>> $10.99 order.
And I even included a video to help sell
it. I included a quick Why not, you
know?
>> Yep.
>> So this is an Australia gold hat with a
koala. It's green with yellow trim.
Australia Gold Coast.
>> Yep.
>> Gold Coast.
>> That's a cool looking little hat.
>> It is, huh?
>> Yeah. So, the total for that order is
$23.98 plus ship.
>> That's some smart shopping there. That's
a That's a lot for $23, I think. That's
good.
>> Yep.
>> All right.
All righty.
>> All right. In the razor drawer, Pukquir.
Pukor orange Enzymes Brightening Gel.
>> Okay. this stuff.
>> 13.99.
>> We're going to be pulling quite often
hopefully. Anyways, we're going to be
pulling uh bunch of h weird HBA stuff.
>> All right, get your step ladder out.
You're going up.
>> Okay, what am I getting?
>> You're getting the John McEnroe Mad Rack
tennis racket. I don't It's probably on
top of these.
>> I think it's there maybe. Or that might
be a bad mitten.
>> So, uh I got a message asking if we
could ship this ASAP. It's going to Los
Angeles for a photo shoot. I wonder if
that means photo shoot or what if it
actually means movie.
>> No, they said specifically photo shoot.
It'd be cool if it was uh John McEnroe.
>> Is he still alive?
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Yeah, that'd be cool.
>> He's a uh
>> that'd be cool if they were doing a
retro shoot with him, huh? Holding his
his old racket.
>> Yeah, he's a um
he's pretty There might be something
there. All right. Sorry, y'all. I'm
trying to figure out where I put it. I
do some see something in a bag up here.
>> There's defin there's a See this? This
is a bad mitten. Yeah, that's the bad
mitten racket.
>> Okay,
>> there's something above my head.
>> I know. I think it I think that's
probably it.
>> I don't even know what that sign is.
What does that sign say?
>> This is like
Oh, that's I don't even know what this
is. But that's Oh, that's another sign
on top of that. What about on top those
boxes or something?
>> That's That's another That's an eagle or
something. All right, I'll be right
back. All right, I'm dumb. You going to
laugh. I I've spent some time like I
couldn't see cuz it's I can get up there
to reach it, but I can't get up there to
see. Like I had my camera and I was I
was filming over that and I was filming
over here and then looking at the
footage. No, it's not there. I remember
what I did. I I mislabeled the skew.
Yeah, it's all we just spotted on top of
cube or he did. Yep.
Under figment in that basket.
>> Yep.
All right. Fig.
Think think his buddy's calling fig.
There we go.
>> All righty.
That sold for $39.99.
>> Okay. Yeah. When Candace picked that up,
I was like, "What are you doing?" Cuz
normally, like those kind of old rackets
aren't really worth buying, but I've
never seen that model before. The Mad
Rack, it is different.
>> And I only paid a buck for it. It's in
great condition.
>> And the strings are odd because they're
like diagonal.
>> Yeah. All right. Tiffany bought a magnet
number 200.
>> Okay.
There was a T and Melissa.
That is Thank you very much.
>> Oh, I didn't see that note. Yeah,
there's a note up there.
>> Okay, we're gonna jump over to Mccari
now. We sold a vintage Starburst brooch.
It's in the Boba Fett drawer.
>> Okie do.
This thing is kind of weird looking.
That's a black pawn.
All right. So, we started kind of
freaking out cuz uh
>> I think I'll put it in there. I think
so. Cuz to protect it. This is not the
original. Yeah. To protect.
>> Okay. Good, good, good, good. And it'll
be a nice little box for
>> Yeah. I'll wrap that bow talking like
Popeye.
>> Yeah.
>> So, that sold for $15.
>> Okay. I'm just glad we have it here.
>> On Poshmark, we sold four things.
>> I don't even know where I'm going to put
this. I guess I'll put it on the scale.
Okay.
>> Yeah. I'll start rearranging. Okay.
First thing is going to be on
10 Fox Trot. Okay.
>> Baker's bunt pan in the box.
>> A butt pan.
>> Buntt pan.
>> Butt pan. Did you say butt pan?
>> Butt pan.
>> All righty.
>> That sold for $21.
>> Yeah. All righty.
>> We sold some women's shoes on 10 Bravo.
They're they're uh leather fringy
booties.
>> You got butt butt butts and booties.
>> Yeah.
>> That's all you That's all you talking
about today.
Uh Milani.
>> Yeah. For some reason, this was not
Look.
>> Oh, it came off.
>> Yeah, it that Yeah, that had a post-it
note on it. So,
>> $23 for those.
>> Okay.
>> On eight Echo label JS. Some Jessica
Simpson heels.
>> Her stuff seems to do okay, huh? Wait,
what? Where did you say?
>> 8 Echo.
>> 8 Echo
>> labelled JS. They're in here.
Yeah, JS.
>> And that sold for 35. And on 12 Bravo, a
Yadro figurine, he heaven's lullabi.
It's a baby sleeping on a moon.
>> We just picked that up a few weeks ago
at the Aida spring sale.
>> Yeah, I gota be careful with that. Yeah,
>> we paid 20 and sold for 80.
>> Yeah, that's good. We priced it 100
originally, but when the offer came in,
we talked about it. like, "Yeah, you
know what? That's worth it.
>> I'm I'm happy with that."
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. And then on Etsy, we have two
sales.
>> Oh my goodness.
>> Five echo. A set of four New Orleans
prints in frames.
>> These are Etsy is great for this kind of
thing.
>> Yep.
>> You said five echo.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Let's see. I see them. Be better.
Be easier if I just walk around there.
Those sold for $49.99. They're going to
Monroe, Louisiana.
>> Awesome. I I mean, I thought these were
pretty cool. We don't normally buy stuff
like this, but um they were nice and
small.
>> Yeah. And they're a nice little set. It
was a good little package.
>> Yeah. And then last Etsy item, last item
are some encyclopedias that are under
the bench.
>> Yes. Y'all know I love selling the the
encycl.
>> It's a complete 20 volume book set from
1964. sold for $134.99
>> there. And look, we've been saying we we
had three boxes under here for the
longest.
>> Mhm.
>> One of them was a bunch of um aviation
videos on VHS. I finally listed those.
>> Yep.
>> And then we're supposed to go to
storage. Supposed to go to storage.
Supposed to go to storage. And we just
been moving these box. Every time we
move the bench out to to shoot packing
video, we I have to move those boxes.
And I go, I got to get these over to
>> bring these to storage today.
>> Yeah. Tomorrow we're going to storage.
And this has been going on for what?
>> Couple of months.
>> Couple weeks. No, months,
>> I think. So,
>> have they been listed that long?
>> Let's call it a month.
>> Okay,
>> we'll call it a month. I don't know how
long it is, but yeah, fin. We don't have
to bring them to storage cuz they're
going out. All right. So, yeah, that is
everything that we're going to uh get
packed up today. And look, that's a man,
that's some bulk getting out of here.
>> Some big heavy stuff.
>> Yeah, quantity. quantity not not huge,
but um the the money the total dollar
amount isn't terrible and we're getting
some bulk out, which is good because we
got bulk in.
>> Yeah. And I So I'm very grateful today
that we have a daily UPS pickup.
>> That's right. Oh my gosh. I do not miss
>> lugging heavy stuff to the UPS.
>> Right. Loading the loading the car up,
driving over there.
>> I mean, think about it. We got those
encyclopedias. We got that big media
lot. Oh my gosh. a lot of heavy stuff.
>> I will say though that our UPS store um
it it's one of those rare businesses
that in the rants and raves there's a
ransom raise for our for our parish.
Okay. And the rants and raves can get
pretty rough.
>> Yeah, I'm sure they all can.
>> Lots of people. Yeah, y'all all probably
have these groups everywhere. You know,
probably every town pretty much of any
size has one. But one thing everyone
agrees on, every every like month or so,
especially around the holidays, somebody
will post about how awesome the staff at
that UPS store are. And they are.
>> And you know, you know what amazes me?
>> They're always fairly young, which they
need to be because they're moving big
stuff around, but they have they seem to
have a pretty good turnover of
employees, don't you think?
>> What do you mean? Like new new
employees?
>> Like from year to year, like
>> Oh, yeah.
>> You know what I mean? And they're always
so nice and friendly and efficient. It's
pretty amazing. It's very amazing.
>> It's well it's definitely wellrun and
they they like the management must be
good and they must hire right and
>> because we have never like
>> and the thing is it requires so much
patience on their part.
>> Yeah.
>> Because
most of the people walk in there,
they're doing Amazon returns.
>> I know.
>> And they do not have any They get up to
the front of that line
>> and they're not ready.
>> And they're not ready. And it's like,
"Oh, you need this." and they're like
fumbling around and you know
>> Yeah, they don't have their little QR
code ready or whatever.
>> It would drive me insane. It's like
look, you come here once a week and you
still don't know what I need. Yeah. But
note, they always got a smile on their
face. So, they're doing a good job. But
I'm glad we don't have to go there
anymore.
>> Speaking of that, we have an Amazon
return. I need to print the label.
>> Okay. Okay. All right. Well, that's
going to be it for this one. Thanks a
bunch for watching and we'll see y'all
again very soon. Bye y'all.
>> Bye.